Release 1.19.0 (#1485)
astronomer/astronomer-providers: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.19.0 (2024-02-21)
-------------------

* Add ExternalDeploymentSensor (#1472)

> * Derepcate the following operators and fallbacks to their OSS counterparts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecate the following operators and sensors and proxy them to their upstream Apache Airflow providers' deferrable counterparts
```

    * SageMakerTrainingOperatorAsync
    * RedshiftDataOperatorAsync
    * GCSObjectExistenceSensorAsync
    * GCSObjectsWithPrefixExistenceSensorAsync
    * GCSUploadSessionCompleteSensorAsync
    * GCSObjectUpdateSensorAsync
    * GKEStartPodOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryInsertJobOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryCheckOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryGetDataOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryIntervalCheckOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryValueCheckOperatorAsync
    * DataprocCreateClusterOperatorAsync
    * DataprocDeleteClusterOperatorAsync
    * DataprocSubmitJobOperatorAsync
    * DataprocUpdateClusterOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryTableExistenceSensorAsync
    * AzureDataFactoryPipelineRunStatusSensorAsync
    * WasbBlobSensorAsync
    * WasbPrefixSensorAsync
    * AzureDataFactoryRunPipelineOperatorAsync
    * FileSensorAsync
    * ExternalTaskSensorAsync
    * SnowflakeSqlApiOperatorAsync
    * DatabricksSubmitRunOperatorAsync
    * DatabricksRunNowOperatorAsync
    * KubernetesPodOperatorAsync
    * SFTPSensorAsync
    * HttpSensorAsync
    * DbtCloudJobRunSensorAsync
    * DbtCloudRunJobOperatorAsync
    * LivyOperatorAsync
* Increase min airflow version to 2.6 (#1438)

> 

Reviewer: Should we also include this deprecation notice doc PR in the Changelog https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/pull/1468

Reviewer 2: I think we should add it

Author: Just added it

    * SageMakerTrainingOperatorAsync
    * RedshiftDataOperatorAsync
    * GCSObjectExistenceSensorAsync
    * GCSObjectsWithPrefixExistenceSensorAsync
    * GCSUploadSessionCompleteSensorAsync
    * GCSObjectUpdateSensorAsync
    * GKEStartPodOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryInsertJobOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryCheckOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryGetDataOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryIntervalCheckOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryValueCheckOperatorAsync
    * DataprocCreateClusterOperatorAsync
    * DataprocDeleteClusterOperatorAsync
    * DataprocSubmitJobOperatorAsync
    * DataprocUpdateClusterOperatorAsync
    * BigQueryTableExistenceSensorAsync
    * AzureDataFactoryPipelineRunStatusSensorAsync
    * WasbBlobSensorAsync
    * WasbPrefixSensorAsync
    * AzureDataFactoryRunPipelineOperatorAsync
    * FileSensorAsync
    * ExternalTaskSensorAsync
    * SnowflakeSqlApiOperatorAsync
    * DatabricksSubmitRunOperatorAsync
    * DatabricksRunNowOperatorAsync
    * KubernetesPodOperatorAsync
    * SFTPSensorAsync
    * HttpSensorAsync
    * DbtCloudJobRunSensorAsync
    * DbtCloudRunJobOperatorAsync
    * LivyOperatorAsync
* Add deprecation notice docs for astronomer-providers (#1468)

> * Increase min airflow version to 2.6 (#1438)

Reviewer: Sorry, just remembered, let's also explicitly mention that we also bumped up min Python version to 3.8 (which however does come implicitly from Airflow 2.6)

https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/pull/1442

Author: Sure. Just updated it
